DAC508 and a11y PR process change (#1740)
raft-tech/TANF-app: docs/Technical-Documentation/Architecture-Decision-Record/009-git-workflow.md

    * If development work will be incrementing the external [Django Admin 508 repo](https://github.com/raft-tech/django-admin-508), please do *NOT* skip versions but increment sequentially (e.g., 0.1.0 -> 0.1.1 -> 0.1.2; not 0.1.0 -> 0.1.3). A high-level changelog-esque description of the change(s) in this version bump should be included in the TDRS and 508 PRs.

3. Finalize pull request template.
    * Confirm all tasks in issue are completed/checked off.
    * Add ACs and testing steps to the [template](https://github.com/raft-tech/TANF-app/blob/raft-tdp-main/.github/pull_request_template.md).
    * Add in-line comments to the file changes to provide context for the proposed changes.
    * Ensure there are no merge conflicts. 
    * Ensure CI/CD pipelines are green.
    * Update the title to remove `WIP` and change the PR to [Ready for Review](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/changing-the-stage-of-a-pull-request), assign label `raft review`.

4. Assign Raft reviewer(s): 

>     * For research and design work, assign **at least two** of the following: `reitermb`, `sreedevip` or `valeriecollignon`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * For research and design work, assign **at least two** of the following: `reitermb`, `stevenino`. 
```
